We are going to start to do some challenging head movement that will stimulate your brain.
But before we start, let's do some warmup.
Well, what is important?
Our fingers can be very stiff.
And sometimes you may also feel numbness.
So it is actually good to activate your fingers, your hand, your joints, make it more flexible.
Before we start to stimulate our brain with all the exciting movement.
Okay, now let's start.
So the first exercise is by stretching one by one.
She?
Yeah.
Let's do this later.
Post first.
Hold your hand this way.
All right.
So you are like a waiter and turning it around.
It, Chris, you'll come down to stretch your content.
And don't forget about time.
Let's change it to another hand.
So we get you to switch
and presto your fingers.
You can feel the stiffness on the joint.
Okay.
Now let's move on to another exercise.
Hold your fingers this way.
And this way.
Okay.
And we'll go this way.
We will find that this question is really Steve and also John here.
Grace, I don't get it down about three times.
Now let's look for another head.
Oh, see, we come up and this way.
All right, we'll go this way.
This assistance will really help to.
That's why I joined.
Right now, you can just go to every type of exercise and just, ho, ho, ho.
Canada position.
These go the stats.
You know, comes together and the chemistry.
Okay.
Press presto.
Pump this way.
So fingers.
Message.
Change to another action.
We do not usually exercise our drawings, so most of us may find that our drawings have at least the
right to touch your fingers with your thumb.
Hold your phone up.
Open and close.
Open and close his eyes.
Because he can.
Fine.
Solve this on your own.
I think doing this for 2 minutes.
Very
good
press on the tip of each finger.
Yes.
So at the first show this.
Right.
Okay.
I think we have enough warm up.
But if you still find that your hand is still, you can continue doing some more warmup exercises.